# Talkiepedia.org

Alle bisherigen Versuche es privaten Usern zu ermöglichen unter Pseudonym zu diskutieren haben Ihre hohe Qualität des Diskussionsboards nur durch eine enge Anbindung an einen einzelnen Moderator gewährleisten können. Die Talkiepedia-Revolution kommt durch eine Vielzahl an Moderatoren zustande  welche die Inhalte im Chat-Board untereinander moderierend kontrollieren. Das Kommunikationssystem hat "intrinsische Moderatoren". Jeder Kommentator ist zugleich Moderator und wird aufgefordert den Kommentar eines anderen Users nach vier Kriterien zu bewerten. 

Talkiepedia offers a comment-system below almost each webpage on the net, implemented as a browser-extension. On Talkiepedia the freedom to chat will come at the price of moderation. Users may utter their true opinion on Talkiepedia discussion-boards anonymously below all webpages. Talkiepedia will in return ask all users to moderate three other people’s comments anonymously in return. Each comment requires three moderation-efforts. Don't Just Chat, Do Something! Get involved. Talkiepedia will be about feelings, not just facts. No doubt. Still, our system aims to increase anonymous-chat-quality times ten, and ensure our discussions will remain firmly related to the website-content. All by the mandatory involvement the users will have to put into the moderation process. The Talkiepedia-System will establish a community moderating itself. Feel free to use Talkipedias separate one-to-one-dialogue channels to further intensify communication. Talkiepedia aims to enlighten respectful communication and help to better understand and tolerate other people's opinion. We're all multifaceted complex people. Don’t jump to conclusions. Meet and talk. We can be more sincere and honest with others, and certainly also with ourselves. Talkiepedia has great potential to turely mirror social trends and moods. To learn and inspire. Let's dare. 
